The general background of this project:
1. To increase perceived quality of images. (subjective)
2. Different SISR approaches will be used and examined by different IQA.

The purpose of this project:
1. To evaluate the quality of super resolved images by different SISR methods. (Base goal)
2. To evaluate how suitable this no reference metrics, for example NIMA, work compared with full reference metrics, for instance SSIM. To examine the suitability of this no reference metrics compared with full reference metrics. (Advanced goal)

The background of IQA:
No reference image quality metrics might be limited when measuring the quality of super resolved images. In real life, people tend to examine the results of SISR by just zoom in the images directly and check the details of images by eyes subjectively. In common practices, full reference image quality metrics are commonly utilised. If we got an original image, we usually downsample the images, for example, shrunken the image size to half of the original images by bilinear or bicubic. Then upsample the images by SISR methods. Finally, do the image quality measurement, that's full reference because we got original high resolution images. But that's not realistic scenario. In practice, we don't have access to the original high resolution images. The original image is low resolution one. We apply the SISR and got a output, how could we evaluate the quality of output images? No reference do this, it evaluates the performance of SISR which does not access to the high resolution images.

NIMA: (no reference image quality metrics)
aesthetic model
technical model

TODO:
1. find data
2. do experiment
3. collect the result with full reference & NIMA (no reference)
4. plan subjective experiment (questionnaire)
5. collect the results & do the analysis
6. one more subjective metric...

The general idea:
1. do SISR experiments, collect results
2. collect results with NIMA
3. collect results with full reference metrics
4. collect results with subjective experiment
5. NIMA vs full reference (Is NIMA really good / suitable?)
6. optimisation of IQA & SISR